atscppapi: A C++ API for Apache Traffic Server
=========================
This library provides wrappers around the existing Apache Traffic Server API which will vastly simplify the process of writing Apache Traffic Server plugins.

Features
---------------------------------
* Global Plugins
* Transaction Plugins
* Request and Response Transformation Plugins
* Remap Plugins
* Gzip Support for Transformation Plugins
* Easy Header Manipulation
* Easy Transaction Manipulation
* Easy Request and Response Manipulation
* Traffic Line Stat Variables
* Text Logging with Log Levels
* Async Operation Support
* Async HTTP Fetch Support
* No third party dependencies


Getting Started
-------------------------
1. Download the latest version of the code from [https://github.com/linkedin/atscppapi/tree/master].
2. Generate autoconf scripts

    `autoreconf -i`
3. Run configure script

    `./configure --prefix=/usr/local/atscppapi`
4. Build

    `make -j`
5. Install

    `sudo make install`

Included with the code are many examples which cover every feature of the API, they can be built with `make examples`

Using The API (Compiling and Linking)
---------------------------
You will need to compile your plugins to point the atscppapi header files and when you link you'll need to point the linker to the location where
the atscppapi libraries are installed. This is usually /usr/local/atscppapi/include and /usr/local/atscppapi/lib; however, this can be changed
with the --prefix=LOCATION configure option. An example of building a plugin on linux might be:

 `g++ -L/usr/local/atscpppapi/lib -latscppapi -I/usr/local/atscpppapi/include -shared -fPIC -o myplugin myplugin.cpp`
 
You can always use the examples as a starting point.
 
API Documentation
----------------
atscppapi uses Doxygen for automatically generating documentation, the documentation can be generated by running `make docs`.

The API docmentation is available via doxygen : http://linkedin.github.io/atscppapi/docs/html/

License
---------------------
Copyright (c) 2013 LinkedIn Corp. All rights reserved. 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the license at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the
License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied.
